this is IGI corp and today we want to
introduce you to new product called i
got control i got control is comprised
of the IRB one I our attachment
accessory and also the I got control
software app which is a free download
from the itunes website so basically you
would start the I got control
application and then attach the IRB one
accessory once the IRB one accessory is
recognized it will flip the orientation
of the software around to the intended
direction of use once in the home page
you have access to all of your different
remotes that could be from your home
theater from your bedroom from a
friend's house even from the sushi
restaurant down at the corner so the
premise behind this is now I have all my
remotes for all my devices here but I
want to turn my TV on I select my TV
remote here and now I can hit power on
the TV if I want to change the channel
on the cable box I go back to the
homepage and select cable box and now I
have my full cable remote so whatever I
want to control is now right where I
need it right in the palm of my hand on
my iphone if I'm down at the corner of
the sushi restaurant and I know what TV
they are using I can easily install
their remote right into the I got
control software okay so here we are
added a box when you take out the IRB
one first thing you want to do is make
sure that your software is downloaded
start the software and then plug in your
IRB one accessory and then again after
its recognized it'll turn the
application around so it's in the proper
direction for use once we're here if you
notice on the home page there are no
units that are installed here no remotes
installed so we want to do first is
we're going to actually control this for
our home theater in my home theater I
have a TV set so the first thing I'm
going to do is add my TV set so I hit
add and then with the left scroll wheel
I go down to TV and then I look I happen
to have an LG so I'm going to go to the
LG
and here we are at LG and then if you
notice there's a bunch of codes that i
have here so what I'll do is start I'm
going to start at the end because this
is recently purchased TV so I find that
the codes all the way at the beginning
or for your older sets and the ones
towards the end or for your new assets
so I'm going to start here and if you
notice there's a test power button so
I'm going to do is point the the iphone
or the ipod touch directly at the TV set
and i'm going to hit the test power
button so if you notice after you do
that the eyes have I got it lit up
indicating that it did send an IR signal
and I'm going to see if that turned the
TV on if it didn't all go to the next
code and then i'll hit test power there
this one happens to turn my TV on so i'm
going to try this one I'm going to
select done and now if you notice TV LG
is now installed on my home page so if i
wanted to now all i have to do is select
that and now i have my full TV remote
here it's as easy as that connect select
control what we'll do now is install my
cable box so my cable box now you don't
want to look for the cable company that
you use you want to look for the
manufacturer of the cable box so I'm
going to do now is I'm going to scroll
down to cable and I'm going to look mine
happens to be a scientific atlanta
and here there's a bunch of scientific
atlanta codes so again because i know
this is one of the narrow newer HD DVR
sets i'm going to start towards the end
and i'm going to hit test power and i'm
going to see which one of these is the
one that turns the power on now there
might be multiple sets that turn the
power on and certain ones of these might
contain more codes than others so you
want to play with this to see which one
has the maximum number of codes for your
remote so once I find one I had done and
now I have two remotes here now I have
my TV remote and my cable remote when I
go into my cable remote it has two pages
of functions for my cable TV the last
thing that I want to install now is I
also have an AVR receiver surround
receiver so I want to go and all my
devices are actually plugged into there
so I want to go now into receiver and
then i'm going to pick dent on and again
i have a bunch of codes here and i'm
going to test this one and this one
happens to control my denon AVR receiver
so again i'm going to select done and
now i have to code two pages of commands
from my denon receiver so now that's the
basic home theater that I have right now
i also have a DVD player so i can
actually add in the DVD player which is
also a dent on
okay i'm going to scroll down and i'm
going to start testing codes and see
when my den on DVD player turns on so
now i just turned the dent on DVD player
on so i'm going to select on now i have
my four remotes from my home theater